BlindLineIntro = [
    "Occasionally, outstanding performers face difficulties. They might be weary, sidetracked, or just blank on a line. This is where I can offer support.",
    "Even the finest performers can experience issues. They may feel exhausted, lose concentration, or momentarily forget a line. My help can be beneficial in such instances.",
    "From time to time, top-notch performers struggle. They could be worn out, preoccupied, or briefly lose track of a line. I can provide assistance in these situations.",
    "Now and then, exceptional performers run into obstacles. They may be fatigued, diverted, or momentarily lapse on a line. This is an opportunity for me to help.",
    "Every so often, excellent performers come across challenges. They might be tired, not focused, or unexpectedly draw a blank on a line. I can lend a hand in these moments.",
    "Even elite performers can have setbacks. They could be drained, inattentive, or suddenly falter on a line. This is a chance for me to offer aid.",
    "Sometimes, superior performers encounter difficulties. They may be weary, lacking focus, or just lose their grasp on a line. I can be of assistance in these cases.",
    "At times, skilled performers face issues. They might be worn down, disoriented, or momentarily blank on a line. This is where my help can make a difference.",
    "On occasion, talented performers confront obstacles. They could be sapped, off track, or briefly forget their lines. My support can be valuable during these times.",
    "Periodically, accomplished performers stumble upon challenges. They may be depleted, not fully present, or miss a line. I can step in to help in such situations.",
    "Every now and then, adept performers face hiccups. They might be worn out, unfocused, or suddenly go blank on a line. My assistance can prove useful in these instances.",
    "Even top-level performers can run into problems. They could be enervated, scatterbrained, or unexpectedly miss a line. I can offer a helping hand in these moments.",
    "Once in a while, gifted performers experience difficulties. They may be out of energy, have a wandering mind, or briefly lose their place in a line. This is an area where I can provide support.",
    "Occasionally, highly skilled performers encounter issues. They might be spent, preoccupied, or momentarily blank out on a line. My aid can be beneficial in these cases.",
    "At times, proficient performers confront challenges. They could be low on energy, not fully attentive, or unexpectedly lose a line. I can help in these circumstances.",
    "Now and again, expert performers face obstacles. They may be exhausted, unfocused, or just forget a line. This is a situation where my assistance can be valuable.",
    "Sometimes, distinguished performers struggle with issues. They might be tired, distracted, or briefly blank on a line. This is where I can lend support.",
    "Every so often, outstanding performers have setbacks. They could be rundown, not concentrating, or suddenly lose their way in a line. My help can make a difference in these moments.",
    "Periodically, top performers come across difficulties. They may be fatigued, have their minds wander, or just fail to recall a line. I can provide assistance in these situations.",
    "Once in a while, exceptional performers encounter problems. They might be drained, lose focus, or momentarily miss a line. This is an opportunity for me to help."
)

risque_sentences = [
    "We all tend to fall into routines. The same lunch, the same job, the same bedroom positions. I'm here to encourage performers to break free from the mundane and explore new, thrilling experiences.",
    "Everyone occasionally gets stuck in habits. The same daily coffee, the same route to work, the same risqué jokes. My mission is to help performers step out of their comfort zones and discover exciting new adventures.",
    "People often find themselves in repetitive patterns. The same morning playlist, the same outfit choices, the same flirtatious texts. I'm here to assist performers in shaking things up and adding excitement to their lives.",
    "We all can become trapped in the familiar. The same breakfast cereal, the same boudoir attire, the same late-night rendezvous. My goal is to support performers in escaping the ordinary and embracing the extraordinary.",
    "Everyone slips into routines. The same daily workout, the same office gossip, the same pillow talk. I'm here to motivate performers to think outside the box and create fresh, exhilarating experiences.",
    "We all fall into monotonous cycles. The same neighborhood jog, the same group of friends, the same seductive glances. My purpose is to help performers break free and add variety to their everyday lives.",
    "People often find comfort in predictability. The same podcast, the same after-work drinks, the same sensual massages. I'm here to inspire performers to step up and try something daring and new.",
    "Everyone tends to follow a pattern. The same phone calls, the same weekend activities, the same intimate whispers. My role is to support performers in seeking out new and titillating experiences.",
    "We all can get stuck in a rut. The same lunch spot, the same colleagues, the same steamy novels. I'm here to help performers diversify their lives and venture into the unknown.",
    "People often slide into familiarity. The same workout routine, the same happy hour, the same provocative conversations. My mission is to assist performers in breaking free and discovering new excitement.",
    "We all settle into routines. The same morning alarm, the same office banter, the same flirtatious exchanges. I'm here to encourage performers to think differently and embrace change.",
    "Everyone occasionally drifts into habits. The same morning coffee, the same commute, the same suggestive compliments. My goal is to help performers step beyond the ordinary and uncover fresh thrills.",
    "People often get caught in repetitive patterns. The same breakfast, the same work tasks, the same alluring daydreams. I'm here to assist performers in shaking up their lives and exploring the unfamiliar.",
    "We all can become ensnared in the familiar. The same bedtime routine, the same weekend plans, the same sultry dance moves. My purpose is to support performers in leaving their comfort zones and diving into new adventures.",
    "Everyone tends to fall into routines. The same gym sessions, the same lunches, the same teasing banter. I'm here to motivate performers to break away from the usual and experience the unexpected.",
    "We all get trapped in monotonous cycles. The same playlist, the same social circle, the same provocative texts. My role is to help performers shake things up and bring excitement into their lives.",
    "People often find solace in predictability. The same TV shows, the same conversations, the same sensual touches. I'm here to inspire performers to be daring and try something different.",
    "Everyone can get stuck in a rut. The same coffee order, the same social events, the "Everyone can get stuck in a rut. The same coffee order, the same social events, the same seductive glances. My mission is to help performers break out of their routine and ignite new passions.",
"We all occasionally fall into patterns. The same morning routine, the same evening rituals, the same enticing fantasies. I'm here to support performers in exploring uncharted territory and adding spice to their lives.",
"People often settle into routines. The same workout, the same colleagues, the same playful innuendos. My purpose is to assist performers in breaking through the mundane and discovering thrilling new experiences."

strange_things =[
"There's a life-sized statue of a famous adult film star in the corner.",
"Check out that wall of suggestive photographs arranged in a heart shape.",
"Why is there a velvet rope surrounding a risqué painting on the wall?",
"Is that a ceiling mirror above the bed? How very provocative!",
"What a bizarre collection of edible underwear in a display case.",
"Look at that row of seductive, unusual scented candles.",
"There's a secret drawer filled with risqué party games and naughty novelties.",
"Oh, look at that peculiar painting! Is it a fish riding a bicycle?",
"Did anyone else notice that upside-down clock on the wall?",
"Hey, there's a tiny door in the corner! Is it a portal to another dimension?",
"Wow, check out that collection of antique dolls. They all seem to be staring at us.",
"Isn't it odd to have a giant rubber duck as a centerpiece on the table?",
"I can't help but notice the extravagant chandelier made entirely of forks and spoons.",
"What's up with the life-sized cardboard cutout of a celebrity in the corner?",
"Aren't those curtains made of old newspapers a bit unconventional?",
"Why is there a mannequin wearing a wedding dress in the middle of the room?",
"Is that a taxidermy squirrel wearing a top hat and monocle?",
"What a strange collection of mismatched teacups and saucers.",
"Look, there's a vintage telephone that's been converted into a lamp!",
"I've never seen a rug made entirely of candy wrappers before.",
"Does anyone know why there's a row of old typewriters on the shelf?",
"That's an interesting assortment of lava lamps in all shapes and sizes.",
"I've never seen so many fridge magnets covering an entire wall before.",
"Check out that unusually large, fuzzy bean bag chair.",
"There's a cage with a stuffed parrot in it. Is it supposed to talk?",
"A bathtub filled with rubber duckies? That's definitely unexpected.",
"Why are there shelves filled with empty glass bottles?",
"Whoa, a room divider made of vintage vinyl records!",
"What's the story behind the suit of armor holding a feather duster?",
"Is that a velvet painting of dogs playing poker?",
"Why is there a disco ball hanging from the ceiling in the living room?",
"Look at that bizarre sculpture made of old computer parts.",
"I've never seen a collection of snow globes so vast!",
"That's an oddly placed stripper pole right in the middle of the room.",
"Is that a fur-covered toilet seat? How eccentric!",
"Check out the display of oddly shaped cacti by the window.",
"Why is there a neon sign advertising a bar in the kitchen?",
"There's a peculiar stack of vintage board games reaching the ceiling.",
"Is that a wall of framed autographed underwear from celebrities?",
"What an unusual assortment of quirky salt and pepper shakers.",
"I can't believe there's a throne made of plastic bottles in the corner!",
"Why are there so many garden gnomes scattered throughout the room?",
"There's a bookshelf filled with nothing but romance novels.",
"Look at that odd collection of tacky holiday sweaters.",
"Is that a bedazzled fire extinguisher? Talk about safety with style!",
"A fish tank filled with nothing but marbles? Interesting choice.",
"Why is there a framed photo of someone's feet on the wall?",
"Look at that custom-made lampshade featuring risqué images.",
"Is that a cabinet filled with various handcuffs and other naughty accessories?",
"I've never seen a pillow shaped like a giant pair of lips before."
)

lines = [
    "I've always enjoyed a good exercise, especially when it involves stretching my limits.",
    "Don't you just love it when you find the perfect fit?",
    "I guess it's true that some things really are like a fine wine, getting better with age.",
    "I've always found that teamwork can lead to some pretty amazing results.",
    "You know, it's all about finding the right rhythm in life.",
    "There's nothing like the thrill of trying out something new and exciting.",
    "I've been told that I have a natural talent for making people feel comfortable.",
    "I find that confidence is key in every situation.",
    "You wouldn't believe the things you can achieve with a little bit of focus and determination.",
    "Sometimes you just have to take the plunge and see where it leads you.",
    "I've always been a firm believer in exploring new territory.",
    "You know, sometimes you just have to be in the right position to succeed.",
    "I've found that flexibility can be a real asset in many situations.",
    "A little bit of creativity can really spice things up.",
    "I must say, I've always been drawn to the more adventurous side of life.",
    "It's amazing how a simple touch can make all the difference.",
    "Sometimes it's all about finding the right balance.",
    "You know, life has a funny way of surprising you when you least expect it.",
    "I've always believed that variety is the spice of life.",
    "There's nothing quite like the feeling of getting lost in the moment.",
    "I find that the key to success is knowing when to take charge and when to let go.",
    "I've always been one to appreciate the finer things in life.",
    "It's amazing how a little bit of effort can lead to some pretty impressive results.",
    "I've always been a fan of those who can think outside the box.",
    "You know, sometimes it's just about taking things one step at a time.",
    "I've always believed that you should never underestimate the power of a good connection.",
    "There's nothing quite like the thrill of the chase.",
    "I find that a little bit of mystery can be incredibly enticing.",
    "You know, sometimes it's the journey that's more important than the destination.",
    "I've always found that a good sense of humor can be incredibly attractive.",
    "I've always been one to appreciate a little bit of spontaneity.",
    "It's amazing how a single spark can ignite a fire.",
    "I've always believed that you should never be afraid to take a risk.",
    "You know, sometimes the most interesting discoveries happen when you're not even looking for them.",
    "I've always been a firm believer in the power of a good first impression.",
    "There's something to be said for knowing when to play your cards right.",
    "I find that a little bit of curiosity can lead to some pretty amazing adventures.",
    "You know, sometimes the most memorable moments happen when you least expect them.",
    "I've always been a fan of those who can keep me on my toes.",
    "There's nothing quite like the feeling of making a real connection with someone.",
    "I've always believed that you should never be afraid to follow your heart.",
    "You know, sometimes it's the simplest things that can bring the most pleasure.",
    "I've always found that a good challenge can be incredibly rewarding.",
    "It's amazing how a little bit of patience can make all the difference.",
    "I've always been a firm believer in the power of positive thinking.",
    "There's something to be said for knowing when to seize the moment.",
    "I find that a little bit of encouragement can go a long way.",
    "You know, sometimes the most important lessons are the ones we learn along the way.",
    "I've always been a fan of those who can bring out the best in me.",
    "There's nothing quite like the feeling of breaking through your own boundaries.",
    "I've always believed that you should never be afraid to ask for what you want.",
    "You know, sometimes it's the unexpected detours that lead us to the most interesting places.",
    "I've always found that a little bit of persistence can pay off in the end.",
    "It's amazing how a single conversation can open up a whole new world of possibilities."

)

pairs =[

statements_and_actions = [
    ["There's a life-sized statue of a famous adult film star in the corner.",
     "Let's take a closer look and see if it's anatomically correct!"),
     
    ["Check out that wall of suggestive photographs arranged in a heart shape.",
     "We should grab a drink and analyze each photo in detail."),
     
    ["Why is there a velvet rope surrounding a risqué painting on the wall?",
     "Let's try to sneak behind the rope and get a closer look."),
     
    ["Is that a ceiling mirror above the bed? How very provocative!",
     "We should try some creative positions and test it out."),
     
    ["What a bizarre collection of edible underwear in a display case.",
     "Let's buy a few and have some fun later."),
     
    ["Look at that row of seductive, unusual scented candles.",
     "Let's light a few and set the mood."),
     
    ["There's a secret drawer filled with risqué party games and naughty novelties.",
     "We should pick out a few games and give them a try."),
     
    ["Oh, look at that peculiar painting! Is it a fish riding a bicycle?",
     "Let's take turns making up stories about the painting."),
     
    ["Did anyone else notice that upside-down clock on the wall?",
     "Let's try to figure out why it's upside down."),
     
    ["Hey, there's a tiny door in the corner! Is it a portal to another dimension?",
     "Let's see if we can open it and take a peek inside."),
     
    ["Wow, check out that collection of antique dolls. They all seem to be staring at us.",
     "Let's see if we can find a creepy doll that looks like someone we know."),
     
    ["Isn't it odd to have a giant rubber duck as a centerpiece on the table?",
     "Let's take turns making the duck 'quack' and see who can do it the loudest."),
     
    ["I can't help but notice the extravagant chandelier made entirely of forks and spoons.",
     "Let's try to count how many forks and spoons are in the chandelier."),
     
    ["What's up with the life-sized cardboard cutout of a celebrity in the corner?",
     "Let's see if we can take a selfie with the celebrity cutout."),
     
    ["Aren't those curtains made of old newspapers a bit unconventional?",
     "Let's read the headlines on the curtains and see if we can learn something new."),
     
    ["Why is there a mannequin wearing a wedding dress in the middle of the room?",
     "Let's try on the dress and see who looks the best in it."),
     
    ["Is that a taxidermy squirrel wearing a top hat and monocle?",
     "Let's see if we can come up with a name for the squirrel and make up a backstory for it."),
     
    ["What a strange collection of mismatched teacups and saucers.",
     "Let's try to find two teacups and saucers that match and have a tea party."),
     
    ["Look, there's a vintage telephone that's been converted into a lamp!",
     "Let's see if it still works and try to make a call on it."),
     
    ["I've never seen a rug made entirely of candy wrappers before.",
     "Let's try to find a candy wrapper from our favorite candy and add it to the rug."),
     
    ["Does anyone know why there's a row of old typewriters on the shelf?",
     "Let's try typing on one of the typewriters and see if we can still use it to write a letter."),
     
     ["That's an interesting assortment of lava lamps in all shapes and sizes.",
 "Let's turn on all the lava lamps and create a psychedelic atmosphere."),
 
["I've never seen so many fridge magnets covering an entire wall before.",
 "Let's try to make a sentence or a story using only the fridge magnets."),
 
["Check out that unusually large, fuzzy bean bag chair.",
 "Let's both try to sit in the chair and see if it's comfortable."),
 
["There's a cage with a stuffed parrot in it. Is it supposed to talk?",
 "Let's try talking to the parrot and see if it responds."),
 
["A bathtub filled with rubber duckies? That's definitely unexpected.",
 "Let's take a bath with the rubber duckies and pretend we're in a giant bathtub."),
 
["Why are there shelves filled with empty glass bottles?",
 "Let's see if we can find a creative use for the empty glass bottles."),
 
["Whoa, a room divider made of vintage vinyl records!",
 "Let's try to identify all the artists and albums on the room divider."),
 
["What's the story behind the suit of armor holding a feather duster?",
 "Let's take a picture with the suit of armor and create our own story behind it."),
 
["Is that a velvet painting of dogs playing poker?",
 "Let's try to guess which dog is cheating in the painting."),
 
["Why is there a disco ball hanging from the ceiling in the living room?",
 "Let's turn off the lights and have a dance party under the disco ball."),
 
["Look at that bizarre sculpture made of old computer parts.",
 "Let's try to identify all the different computer parts used in the sculpture."),
 
["I've never seen a collection of snow globes so vast!",
 "Let's shake all the snow globes and create a snowstorm."),
 
["That's an oddly placed stripper pole right in the middle of the room.",
 "Let's take turns trying out some pole dancing moves."),
 
["Is that a fur-covered toilet seat? How eccentric!",
 "Let's try sitting on the toilet seat and see if it's comfortable."),
 
["Check out the display of oddly shaped cacti by the window.",
 "Let's see if we can identify all the different types of cacti on display."),
 
["Why is there a neon sign advertising a bar in the kitchen?",
 "Let's pretend we're in a bar and make some drinks."),
 
["There's a peculiar stack of vintage board games reaching the ceiling.",
 "Let's pick a few board games and have a game night."),
 
["Is that a wall of framed autographed underwear from celebrities?",
 "Let's try to guess which celebrity wore which pair of underwear."),
 
["What an unusual assortment of quirky salt and pepper shakers.",
 "Let's try to come up with a story behind each salt and pepper shaker."),
 
["I can't believe there's a throne made of plastic bottles in the corner!",
 "Let's take turns sitting on the throne and see who looks the most regal."),
 
["Why are there so many garden gnomes scattered throughout the room?",
 "Let's see if we can find a garden gnome for each room in the house."),
 
["There's a bookshelf filled with nothing but romance novels.",
 "Let's pick a few romance novels and read some steamy passages."),
 
["Look at that odd collection of tacky holiday sweaters.",
 "Let's try on the sweaters and have our own tacky holiday sweater contest."),

["Is that a bedazzled fire extinguisher? Talk about safety with style!",
 "Let's try to come up with a design for our own bedazzled fire extinguisher."),
 
["A fish tank filled with nothing but marbles? Interesting choice.",
 "Let's try to count how many marbles are in the fish tank."),
 
["Why is there a framed photo of someone's feet on the wall?",
 "Let's try to guess whose feet are in the photo and why it's on the wall."),
 
["Look at that custom-made lampshade featuring risqué images.",
 "Let's turn off the lights and see how the lampshade looks in the dark."),
 
["Is that a cabinet filled with various handcuffs and other naughty accessories?",
 "Let's pick out a few accessories and see how we can use them."),
 
["I've never seen a pillow shaped like a giant pair of lips before.",
 "Let's see if we can find other pillows shaped like body parts and create a collection.")
)

audience = [
[
    "Underwater, astronaut, no communication with Earth",
    "Funeral home, clown, lost the ring for the engagement proposal",
    "Library, snake charmer, all books have been replaced with snakes",
    "Airport security, mime, accidentally brought a suitcase full of props that look like weapons",
    "Haunted house, beekeeper, bees have started to produce honey with ghostly properties",
    "Desert, mermaid, running out of water for her tail to stay moist",
    "Medieval times, time traveler, forgot how to speak Middle English",
    "Kindergarten classroom, professional wrestler, mistaken a group of children for his opponents in the ring",
    "Space station, circus performer, lost the key to the lion cage",
    "Silent meditation retreat, ventriloquist, can't stop talking in different voices",
    "Cemetery, florist, allergic to flowers",
    "Amusement park, magician, lost their rabbit in the hat trick",
    "Mountain top, hot air balloon operator, afraid of heights",
    "Zoo, animal trainer, animals have all escaped from their enclosures",
    "Carnival, knife thrower, missed the target and hit the assistant",
    "Post office, mail carrier, lost all the mail",
    "Spacecraft, chef, all the food has floated away",
    "Movie theater, projectionist, forgot how to load the film reels",
    "Radio station, DJ, lost the playlist",
    "Swimming pool, lifeguard, all the swimmers are sharks",
    "Pet store, dog groomer, dogs won't stop barking",
    "Art museum, painter, accidentally spilled paint on a priceless painting",
    "Gym, personal trainer, gym equipment is malfunctioning",
    "Lighthouse, sailor, lost at sea and ran out of fuel",
    "Factory, assembly line worker, machine broke down",
    "Beach, sandcastle builder, high tide is washing away their sandcastle",
    "Concert hall, pianist, lost the ability to read sheet music",
    "Television station, news anchor, camera crew is missing",
    "Farm, scarecrow, all the crows have become friendly",
    "Jungle, explorer, can't find their way back to civilization",
    "Ski resort, ski instructor, all the snow has melted",
    "High school, janitor, can't find the keys to the building",
    "Theater, actor, forgot all their lines",
    "Hospital, surgeon, lost their surgical instruments",
    "City park, gardener, all the plants have been replaced with plastic imitations",
    "Abandoned mansion, ghost hunter, can't find any ghosts",
    "Winery, winemaker, grapes have turned into raisins",
    "Cruise ship, captain, lost the ability to steer the ship",
    "Recording studio, sound engineer, lost all the recorded tracks",
    "Jail, prison guard, lost the keys to the cells",
    "Sports stadium, coach, forgot the game plan",
    "Campground, camp counselor, all the campers have disappeared",
    "Cave, spelunker, flashlight batteries have died",
    "Art gallery, art restorer, accidentally damaged a priceless sculpture",
    "Restaurant, chef, all the food has burned",
    "Mall, security guard, can't find the thief",
    "Planetarium, astronomer, telescope is broken",
    "Submarine, sailor, lost the periscope",
    "Casino, blackjack dealer, lost all the chips",
"Circus, clown, all the animals have escaped",
"Library, author, lost the manuscript",
"Abandoned mine, miner, lost the way out",
"Theater, stage manager, lost all the props",
"Zoo, zookeeper, can't find the key to the animal enclosures",
"Planet, astronaut, lost the communication device",
"Music festival, sound technician, lost all the equipment",
"Beach, lifeguard, all the beachgoers are sharks",
"Amusement park, ride operator, can't stop the ride",
"TV studio, producer, lost the script",
"Airplane, pilot, lost the map",
"Theme park, roller coaster designer, ride broke down",
"Cemetery, grave digger, can't find the right grave",
"Police station, detective, lost the evidence",
"Safari, tour guide, all the animals have gone into hiding",
"Science lab, scientist, lost the experiment results",
"Pirate ship, pirate, lost the treasure map",
"Hospital, nurse, lost the patient records",
"Art museum, art thief, can't find a way to steal the painting",
"Factory, foreman, machinery is malfunctioning",
"Beach, lifeguard, can't find the whistle",
"Theater, costume designer, lost all the costumes",
"Office, secretary, lost all the files",
"Jungle, botanist, lost the plant samples",
"Art gallery, art collector, can't find the way out",
"Ship, sailor, lost the anchor",
"Zoo, animal caretaker, lost the key to the food storage",
"Amusement park, ticket seller, lost all the tickets",
"Haunted house, ghost, can't scare anyone",
"Bank, teller, lost all the money",
"Sports arena, referee, lost the whistle",
"Airplane, flight attendant, lost the emergency equipment",
"Fashion show, model, lost their outfit",
"High school, teacher, lost all the test papers",
"Movie set, director, lost the actors",
"Carnival, game operator, lost all the prizes",
"Theme park, ride inspector, ride is unsafe",
"Zoo, veterinarian, can't find the right medicine",
"Restaurant, waiter, lost all the orders",
"Museum, security guard, lost the alarm code",
"Space station, astronaut, lost the oxygen supply",
"Police station, police officer, lost the handcuff keys",
"Abandoned hospital, ghost hunter, can't find a way out",
"Theater, playwright, lost the inspiration",
"Factory, worker, lost the safety goggles",
"Science lab, lab assistant, spilled chemicals on the experiment",
"Fashion show, fashion designer, lost the clothes",
"Zoo, tour guide, all the animals have switched habitats",
"Haunted house, ghost, can't find their way back to their room",
"Airplane, mechanic, can't fix the broken engine",
"Circus, acrobat, lost their balance",
"Library, librarian, lost all the books",
"Safari, photographer, lost the camera",
"Police station, detective, can't remember the details of the case",
"Amusement park, maintenance worker, can't stop the water ride",
"Jungle, adventurer, lost the survival kit",
"Art museum, art critic, lost the words to describe the painting",
"Abandoned mansion, ghost, can't find their old haunts",
"Office, manager, lost the powerpoint presentation",
"Ship, captain, lost the steering wheel",
"Zoo, animal trainer, lost the lion",
"Spacecraft, astronaut, lost the space suit",
"Hospital, doctor, lost the patient",
"Movie set, cinematographer, lost the camera",
"Beach, surfer, lost the surfboard",
"Abandoned factory, worker, can't find the exit",
"Museum, tour guide, can't remember the history",
"Circus, animal handler, lost the elephant",
"Science lab, scientist, spilled the chemicals",
"Police station, detective, lost the case file",
"Theme park, ride operator, lost the control panel",
"Restaurant, chef, lost the cooking utensils",
"Zoo, veterinarian, lost the medical kit",
"Theater, actor, lost the costume",
"Airplane, pilot, lost the passport",
"Fashion show, model, lost the makeup",
"Library, patron, lost the library card",
"Abandoned mine, miner, lost the pickaxe",
"Sports arena, referee, lost the scorecard",
"Factory, worker, lost the timecard",
"Art museum, curator, lost the statue",
"Haunted house, ghost, can't find their chains",
"Beach, lifeguard, lost the sunscreen",
"Space station, astronaut, lost the tools",
"Safari, ranger, lost the map",
"Police station, police officer, lost the gun",
"Jungle, explorer, lost the compass",
"Carnival, food vendor, lost the food",
"Zoo, zookeeper, lost the schedule",
"Amusement park, ride inspector, lost the inspection checklist",
"Office, receptionist, lost the phone",
"Movie theater, moviegoer, lost the ticket",
"Ship, sailor, lost the lifeboat",
"High school, principal, lost the lesson plan",
"Hospital, nurse, lost the medicine",
"Museum, curator, lost the key to the exhibit",
"Circus, clown, lost the wig",
"Abandoned hospital, ghost, can't find their old patient records",
"Fashion show, fashion critic, lost the fashion sense",
"Zoo, animal caretaker, lost the food recipe",
"Police station, detective, lost the suspect",
"Science lab, lab assistant, lost the microscope",
"Theater, stagehand, lost the props",
"Airplane, flight attendant, lost the luggage",
"Library, book borrower, lost the book",
"Beach, swimmer, lost the towel",
"Amusement park, security guard, lost the keys to the park",
"Jungle, adventurer, lost the camera",
"Art museum, art collector, lost the art",
"Factory, foreman, lost the safety manual",
"Police station, police officer, lost the car",
"Restaurant, waiter, lost the menu",
"Zoo, tour guide, lost the visitors",
"Carnival, game operator, lost the balls",
"Museum, visitor, lost the way back to the entrance",
"Safari, guide, lost the sense of direction",
"Sports arena, coach, lost the playbook",
"Haunted house, ghost, can't find their chain saw",
"Movie set, director, lost the actors' confidence",
"Ship, captain, lost the crew",
"Fashion show, model, lost the glamour"
)

suggestions = [
[
  "Trapeze artist, DMV, expired driver's license",
  "Chef, laundromat, haunted washing machine",
  "Surgeon, bowling alley, slippery operating table",
  "Circus performer, dentist office, bad breath",
  "Archaeologist, theme park, fake dinosaur bones",
  "Lifeguard, cemetery, ghostly apparitions",
  "Ballerina, construction site, broken pointe shoes",
  "Firefighter, art museum, water damage",
  "Zookeeper, theater, allergic to animal fur",
  "Private detective, carnival, lost sense of direction",
  "Astronaut, hair salon, bad haircut",
  "Wrestler, opera house, ripped costume",
  "Plumber, art gallery, clogged toilet",
  "Mime, amusement park, trapped in invisible box",
  "Taxidermist, aquarium, allergic to fish smell",
  "Magician, DMV, lost magic wand",
  "Gardener, dentist office, lost pruning shears",
  "Sculptor, movie theater, lost sculpting tools",
  "Butcher, pet store, allergic to animal dander",
  "Pilot, beach, seagulls in the engine",
  "Cartoonist, sports stadium, erased drawing",
  "Bartender, library, lost bottle opener",
  "Pianist, sports arena, broken piano keys",
  "Photographer, zoo, allergic to animal hair",
  "Tattoo artist, hospital, lost tattoo ink",
  "Stunt double, school, tripped on backpack",
  "Psychic, bowling alley, lost crystal ball",
  "Fashion designer, construction site, ruined outfit",
  "Sailor, petting zoo, lost anchor",
  "Actor, dentist office, broken tooth",
  "Botanist, movie theater, lost plant clippers",
  "Composer, zoo, allergic to animal saliva",
  "Mechanic, beach, sand in the engine",
 [
  "Trapeze artist, DMV, power outage",
  "Chef, laundromat, unexpected tornado",
  "Surgeon, bowling alley, broken arm",
  "Circus performer, dentist office, bird attack",
  "Archaeologist, theme park, food poisoning",
  "Lifeguard, cemetery, ghostly hauntings",
  "Ballerina, construction site, broken ankle",
  "Firefighter, art museum, trapped in an exhibit",
  "Zookeeper, theater, lost wedding ring",
  "Private detective, carnival, lost car keys",
  "Astronaut, hair salon, allergic reaction",
  "Wrestler, opera house, unexpected rainstorm",
  "Plumber, art gallery, mistaken identity",
  "Mime, amusement park, lost in a maze",
  "Taxidermist, aquarium, broken camera",
  "Magician, DMV, traffic jam",
  "Gardener, dentist office, bee attack",
  "Sculptor, movie theater, food poisoning",
  "Butcher, pet store, allergic reaction",
  "Pilot, beach, lost luggage",
  "Cartoonist, sports stadium, unexpected snowstorm",
  "Bartender, library, lost keys",
  "Pianist, sports arena, broken piano",
  "Photographer, zoo, broken camera lens",
  "Tattoo artist, hospital, broken arm",
  "Stunt double, school, unexpected earthquake",
  "Psychic, bowling alley, mistaken identity",
  "Fashion designer, construction site, unexpected rainstorm",
  "Sailor, petting zoo, lost cell phone",
  "Actor, dentist office, allergic reaction",
  "Botanist, movie theater, lost plant",
  "Composer, zoo, lost sheet music",
  "Mechanic, beach, car stuck in the sand",
  "Juggler, hospital, broken leg",
  "Dog walker, opera house, mistaken identity",
  "Swimming instructor, cemetery, lost flip-flops",
  "Painter, DMV, lost paint",
  "Gymnast, aquarium, broken balance beam",
  "Wedding planner, laundromat, unexpected flood",
  "Singer, construction site, noisy jackhammer",
  "Sushi chef, art museum, allergic reaction",
  "Barber, amusement park, unexpected thunderstorm",
  "Psychologist, pet store, mistaken identity",
  "Puppeteer, sports stadium, lost puppet",
  "Landscaper, library, lost pruning shears",
  "Surgeon, zoo, mistaken identity",
  "Farmer, theater, unexpected rainstorm",
  "Sommelier, bowling alley, lost corkscrew",
  "Race car driver, dentist office, lost toothbrush",
  "Stagehand, beach, unexpected hurricane",
  "Cartographer, petting zoo, mistaken identity",
  "Blacksmith, movie theater, lost hammer",
  "Mime, zoo, allergic reaction",
  "Lifeguard, DMV, lost whistle",
  "Surgeon, laundromat, ruined clothes",
  "Zookeeper, bowling alley, lost keys",
  "Chef, cemetery, lost recipe",
  "Circus performer, pet store, allergic reaction",
  "Archaeologist, theater, lost artifact",
  "Ballerina, sports stadium, broken ankle",
  "Firefighter, zoo, lost keys",
  "Private detective, hair salon, mistaken identity",
cemetery, lost anchor",
"Actor, pet store, allergic reaction",
"Botanist, sports stadium, lost plant sample",
"Composer, construction site, lost sheet music",
"Mechanic, movie theater, lost tools",
"Juggler, beach, lost flaming torches",
"Dog walker, hair salon, mistaken identity",
"Swimming instructor, library, lost kickboard",
"Painter, sports stadium, allergic reaction",
"Gymnast, dentist office, broken leg",
"Wedding planner, zoo, lost wedding ring",
"Singer, amusement park, unexpected noise pollution",
"Sushi chef, pet store, allergic reaction",
"Barber, sports arena, lost razor",
"Psychologist, construction site, lost clipboard",
"Puppeteer, DMV, lost puppet",
"Landscaper, zoo, lost rake",
"Surgeon, movie theater, lost scalpel",
"Farmer, petting zoo, lost hay",
"Sommelier, hair salon, mistaken identity",
"Race car driver, beach, unexpected high tide",
"Stagehand, sports stadium, lost prop",
"Cartographer, construction site, lost map",
"Blacksmith, theater, lost hammer",
"Lifeguard, pet store, allergic reaction",
"Surgeon, library, lost surgical tool",
"Zookeeper, beach, lost keys",
"Chef, sports stadium, ruined food",
"Circus performer, dentist office, lost clown nose",
"Archaeologist, amusement park, lost artifact",
"Ballerina, sports arena, broken ankle",
"Firefighter, zoo, lost equipment",
"Private detective, construction site, lost magnifying glass",
"Astronaut, beach, lost helmet",
"Wrestler, pet store, allergic reaction",
"Plumber, movie theater, broken pipe",
"Mime, sports stadium, lost invisible box",
"Taxidermist, zoo, lost stuffed animal",
"Magician, construction site, lost rabbit",
"Gardener, hair salon, allergic reaction",
"Sculptor, zoo, lost sculpture",
"Butcher, sports stadium, ruined meat",
"Pilot, amusement park, lost flight manual",
"Cartoonist, dentist office, allergic reaction",
"Bartender, construction site, lost bottle opener",
"Pianist, sports arena, broken piano key",
"Photographer, beach, ruined camera",
"Tattoo artist, pet store, lost tattoo stencil",
"Stunt double, library, mistaken identity",
"Psychic, sports stadium, lost crystal ball",
"Fashion designer, zoo, lost fashion sketch",
"Sailor, sports arena, lost anchor",
"Actor, construction site, lost script",
"Botanist, amusement park, lost plant specimen",
"Composer, hair salon, lost sheet music",
"Mechanic, sports stadium, lost car keys",
"Juggler, pet store, allergic reaction",
"Dog walker, sports arena, lost leash",
"Swimming instructor, construction site, lost kickboard",
"Painter, zoo, lost paintbrush",
"Gymnast, sports stadium, broken arm",
"Wedding planner, hair salon, lost wedding ring",
"Singer, construction site, lost voice",
"Sushi chef, sports arena, allergic reaction",
"Barber, beach, unexpected high wind",
"Psychologist, petting zoo, mistaken identity"
"Magician, beach, lost rabbit",
"Gardener, library, lost garden hose",
"Sculptor, petting zoo, mistaken identity",
"Butcher, dentist office, allergic reaction",
"Pilot, construction site, unexpected fog",
"Cartoonist, DMV, lost pen",
"Bartender, movie theater, lost bottle opener",
"Pianist, pet store, allergic reaction",
"Photographer, sports stadium, lost camera",
"Tattoo artist, zoo, lost tattoo needle",
"Stunt double, art museum, mistaken identity",
"Psychic, beach, lost crystal ball",
"Fashion designer, carnival, lost scissors",
"Sailor, dentist office, lost compass",
"Actor, bowling alley, lost script",
"Botanist, construction site, ruined flowers",
"Composer, petting zoo, mistaken identity",
"Mechanic, zoo, lost tools",
"Juggler, library, lost balls",
"Dog walker, sports stadium, lost leash",
"Swimming instructor, movie theater, lost goggles",
"Painter, zoo, allergic reaction",
"Gymnast, pet store, mistaken identity",
"Wedding planner, amusement park, unexpected power outage",
"Singer, DMV, lost voice",
"Sushi chef, theater, lost knife",
"Barber, beach, unexpected sandstorm",
"Psychologist, construction site, mistaken identity",
"Puppeteer, art museum, lost puppet",
"Landscaper, dentist office, allergic reaction",
"Surgeon, sports stadium, lost scalpel",
"Farmer, library, lost pitchfork",
"Sommelier, petting zoo, lost corkscrew",
"Race car driver, bowling alley, lost keys",
"Stagehand, zoo, lost prop",
"Cartographer, hair salon, mistaken identity",
"Blacksmith, sports arena, lost hammer",
"Mime, laundromat, lost invisible box",
"Lifeguard, construction site, lost whistle",
"Surgeon, pet store, allergic reaction",
"Zookeeper, DMV, lost keys",
"Chef, zoo, ruined food",
"Circus performer, movie theater, lost clown nose",
"Archaeologist, beach, lost artifact",
"Ballerina, petting zoo, allergic reaction",
"Firefighter, dentist office, lost hose",
"Private detective, sports stadium, mistaken identity",
"Astronaut, art museum, lost spacesuit",
"Wrestler, zoo, lost wrestling belt",
"Plumber, construction site, broken pipe",
"Mime, library, lost invisible dog",
"Taxidermist, dentist office, allergic reaction",
"Magician, hair salon, mistaken identity",
"Gardener, amusement park, lost gloves",
"Sculptor, sports stadium, lost sculpting tool",
"Butcher, movie theater, lost cleaver",
"Pilot, petting zoo, lost compass",
"Cartoonist, construction site, lost eraser",
"Bartender, zoo, lost bottle opener",
"Pianist, dentist office, allergic reaction",
"Photographer, theater, lost tripod",
"Tattoo artist, beach, ruined tattoo",
"Stunt double, sports stadium, lost stunt equipment",
"Psychic, art museum, lost crystal ball",
"Fashion designer, DMV, lost measuring tape"
)


prompt_intro =[
"Hello again, everyone. For this scene, I'll be generating our prompts without any input from the audience. We still love and appreciate your suggestions, but we thought it would be a fun way to experiment with new ideas. Let's get started and see what I can come up with!"
"Back at it again! Today, I'll be generating our prompts myself, using a machine learning model. We still value your input, but we thought it would be interesting to see what kind of ideas I can generate. So, let's get started!"
"I'm excited to be here for this scene, and I'm even more excited to generate our prompts myself! Please don't think we don't value your input - we do! But we thought it would be a great way to try something new and see what happens. Let's get started!"
"Welcome back, everyone. Today, we're going to do something a little different. Instead of getting suggestions from the audience, I'll be generating our prompts myself. We still appreciate your presence, but we thought it would be fun to explore new ideas. Let's see where this takes us!"
"It's great to see you all again. For this scene, I'll be generating our prompts myself without any input from the audience. Please don't think we don't appreciate your suggestions - we do! But we thought it would be a fun challenge to push our creativity in a new direction. Let's see what I can come up with!"
"Welcome back, my fellow improvisers! Today, I'll be generating our prompts using a machine learning model. Don't worry, we still love your suggestions, but we thought it would be exciting to see what I can generate. Let's get started!"
"Here we go again! For this scene, I'll be generating our prompts without any suggestions from the audience. Please don't feel like your input isn't valued - it is! But we thought it would be a great way to push ourselves creatively and try something new. Let's see what kind of prompts I can come up with!"
"I'm back, and I'm ready to generate some prompts! Instead of getting suggestions from the audience, I'll be using a machine learning model to generate our ideas. We still appreciate your presence and input, but we thought it would be a fun way to explore new ideas. Let's get started!"
"Good to see you all again. For this scene, I'll be generating our prompts without any suggestions from the audience. Don't worry, we still appreciate your input, but we thought it would be interesting to see what I can come up with. Let's see where this takes us!"
"Here we go! Today, I'll be generating our prompts myself, using a machine learning model. We still value your input, but we thought it would be a fun way to explore new ideas and push our creativity. Let's see what kind of prompts I can generate for us!"
"Welcome back, everyone. For this scene, I'll be generating our prompts myself without any input from the audience. Please don't think we don't value your suggestions - we do! But we thought it would be a fun way to challenge ourselves creatively. Let's see where this takes us!"
"I'm excited to be back for this scene, and I'm even more excited to generate our prompts myself! We still appreciate your input, but we thought it would be interesting to try something new. Let's see what kind of prompts I can generate!"
"Good to be back with you all. Today, I'll be generating our prompts using a machine learning model. We still love your suggestions, but we thought it would be a fun way to push ourselves creatively. Let's see what I can come up with!"
"Greetings, fellow improvisers. For this particular scene, I'll be generating our prompts myself without any suggestions from the audience. Please don't think we don't value your input - we do! But we thought it would be a great way to explore new ideas. Let's see where this takes us!"
"I'm back and ready to generate some prompts! Instead of getting suggestions from the audience, I'll be using a machine learning model to generate our ideas. We still appreciate your presence and input, but we thought it would be a fun way to try something new. Let's get started!"
"Welcome back, my friends. Today, I'll be generating our prompts myself, using a machine learning model. Please don't think we don't value your input - we do! But we thought it would be a great way to explore new ideas and push our creativity. Let's see what I can come up with!"
"Here we go again! For this scene, I'll be generating our prompts myself without any input from the audience. We still appreciate your suggestions, but we thought it would be a fun way to explore new ideas and push our creativity. Let's see what I can come up with!"
"Welcome back, everyone. Today, I'll be generating our prompts using a machine learning model. We still value your input, but we thought it would be a fun way to try something new and see what I can come up with. Let's get started!"
"I'm back and ready to generate some prompts! Instead of getting suggestions from the audience, I'll be using a machine learning model to generate our ideas. Please don't think we don't appreciate your input - we do! But we thought it would be a fun way to push our creativity and try something new. Let's see what I can come up with!"
"Greetings, fellow improvisers. For this particular scene, I'll be generating our prompts myself without any suggestions from the audience. Please don't think we don't value your input - we do! But we thought it would be a great way to explore new ideas. Let's see where this takes us!"
"I'm back and ready to generate some prompts! Instead of getting suggestions from the audience, I'll be using a machine learning model to generate our ideas. We still appreciate your presence and input, but we thought it would be a fun way to try something new. Let's get started!"
"Welcome back, my friends. Today, I'll be generating our prompts myself, using a machine learning model. Please don't think we don't value your input - we do! But we thought it would be a great way to explore new ideas and push our creativity. Let's see what I can come up with!"
"Here we go again! For this scene, I'll be generating our prompts myself without any input from the audience. We still appreciate your suggestions, but we thought it would be a fun way to explore new ideas and push our creativity. Let's see what I can come up with!"
"Welcome back, everyone. Today, I'll be generating our prompts using a machine learning model. We still value your input, but we thought it would be a fun way to try something new and see what I can come up with. Let's get started!"
"I'm back and ready to generate some prompts! Instead of getting suggestions from the audience, I'll be using a machine learning model to generate our ideas. Please don't think we don't appreciate your input - we do! But we thought it would be a fun way to push our creativity and try something new. Let's see what I can come up with!"
]
